Top 10 Bollywood Movies of All Time

Bollywood is one of the largest and most popular film industries in the world, producing over 1,000 films each year.

With so many great Bollywood movies to choose from, it can be tough to know where to start.

A group of friends are sitting around a campfire, watching Bollywood movies on a projector.

I love Bollywood movies!

They're so full of romance music dance

Me too!

I love the stories and the characters.

And the songs!

The songs are always so catchy.

That's why we're here today to count down the top 10 Bollywood movies of all time!

The narrator appears in front of a screen with the list of the top 10 Bollywood movies.

10 Number 10 is

Rang De Basanti (2006)!

A clip from Rang De Basanti plays, showing the characters protesting against corruption and injustice.

9 Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham

A clip from Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham... plays, showing the characters celebrating their family and culture.

8 Dil Chahta Hai (2001)

A clip from Dil Chahta Hai plays, showing the characters dealing with friendship love loss

3 3 Idiots (2009)

A clip from 3 Idiots plays, showing the characters following their dreams and challenging the status quo.

6 Lagaan (2001)

A clip from Lagaan plays, showing the characters fighting for their freedom from British rule.

5 Pyaasa (1957)

A clip from Pyaasa plays, showing the character of Vijay struggling to find his place in the world.

4 Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge (1995)

Raj and Simran falling in love, despite their different backgrounds.

3 Mughal-e-Azam (1960)

A clip from Mughal-e-Azam plays, showing the characters of Salim and Anarkali's tragic love story.

2 Mother India

Mother India (1957)!

A clip from Mother India plays, showing the character of Radha struggling to raise her sons and protect her land.

And number 1 is... Sholay (1975)!

A clip from Sholay plays, showing the characters of Jai and Veeru fighting for justice against the dacoit Gabbar Singh.

These are just a few of the many great Bollywood movies out there.

So if you're looking for a fun and entertaining movie to watch, be sure to check out some of the films on this list.

You won't be disappointed!

A montage of clips from Bollywood movies plays, set to the music of "Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge."

Thank you for watching!

We hope you enjoyed this countdown of the top 10 Bollywood movies of all time.